PATRICIA?
DON'T COME ANY CLOSER OR
I'LL SCREAM.
YOUR FRIEND HAS DISAPPEARED,
HASN'T SHE? JOY MERCER?
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
BECAUSE I'M A PRIVATE
INVESTIGATOR. MY NAME
IS RENE ZELDMAN.
IF YOU GET ME A PHOTOGRAPH
OF HER THEN I CAN HELP YOU.
HOW?
I THINK THAT SHE IS IN GREAT
DANGER BUT I KNOW THAT WE CAN
FIND HER.
WE?
NOW, IF YOU WANT TO HELP
JOY, THEN YOU WILL CALL ME.
"WHEN DAYTIME ENDS AT
MIDDAY, THROUGH TEARS OF
GLASS THE EYE SHALL SEE."
IS THAT ON THE
SHAKESPEARE TEST?
NO!! IT'S THE CLUE.
OH RIGHT. I DON'T GET
IT THOUGH, DO YOU?
BY THE WAY, DO YOU GUYS
KNOW WHAT IS ON THAT
SHAKESPEARE TEST?
"WHEN DAYTIME ENDS AT
MIDDAY, THROUGH TEARS OF
GLASS THE EYE SHALL SEE".
YEP. STILL DON'T
GET IT.
WE NEED TO FIGURE IT OUT.
SO, LUNCHTIME YEAH?
(together)
SIBUNA.
WHY CAN'T THERE BE LIKE
A MAP OR SOMETHING?
THAT'S WHAT YOU USUALLY
GET WHEN YOU'RE LOOKING
FOR TREASURE.
WHAT TREASURE?
OH, NOTHING.
JUST SOME LITTLE KIDS'
PIRATES THING ON THE BACK OF
A CEREAL BOX.
I'M LIKE REALLY INTO...PIRATES.
LIKE, SO MUCH.
RIGHT.
HI AMBER
HI BOO.
I... UM. TA-DA!
AW THAT'S LOVELY.
THANK-YOU!
AND I THOUGHT MAYBE WE COULD
LIKE, HANG OUT THIS LUNCHTIME.
SEEING AS YOU SNEAKED OFF
WITHOUT ME YESTERDAY.
ER. YEAH, THING IS. . .
THAT MIGHT BE
A PROBLEM.
FINE. WHATEVER. I KNOW
WHEN I'M NOT WANTED.
WHAT'S HE SO
CRANKY ABOUT?
BABES, WHY ARE YOU
IN SUCH A MOOD?
MAYBE BECAUSE I DON'T
LIKE BEING IGNORED.
I DON'T MICK. YOU'RE PRETTY
HARD TO IGNORE.
WELL MAKE TIME FOR
ME AMBS YEAH?
STARTING THIS
LUNCHTIME?
WHAT ELSE IS THERE
THAT'S SO IMPORTANT?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
WELL THEN? YOU AND ME. WE'LL
GO FOR A - I DUNNO...
A PICNIC? I
LOVE PICNICS.
A PICNIC. YEAH, OKAY.
POOR, ALFIE. OPERATION AMBER
IS DEFINITELY NO PICNIC.
OKAY, SETTLE DOWN, EVERYONE
PLEASE.
RIGHT, LET'S TALK
PROSPECTIVE PARENTS
DAY SHALL WE?
SEEING AS THERE'S BEEN SUCH
A POOR SHOW OF VOLUNTEERS,
I'VE DECIDED TO ALLOCATE YOU
YOUR TASKS MYSELF.
I THINK YOU'LL ALL FIND I'VE
CATERED TO YOUR ACADEMIC
STRENGTHS.
THAT'S MICK DOING
NOTHING THEN!
(everybody laughs)
DO YOU THINK MR WINKLER CHOSE
ME TO HOSTESS THE PARENTS
BECAUSE I'M THE BEST LOOKING
GIRL IN SCHOOL,
OR WAS IT MY BUBBLY
PERSONALITY,
OR WAS IT MY SHOES?
ALL OF THE ABOVE.
AW. SWEET. AND TRUE.
HEY GUYS. WAIT UP! CATCH YOU
LATER THEN BOO.
MICK HATES ME.
NO HE DOESN'T.
HE HASN'T SAID A WORD TO ME
SINCE THAT STUFF WITH THE
FRENCH TEST.
WELL HE'LL COME AROUND.
SORRY MARA, I NEED TO
SPEAK TO JASON.
MR WINKLER!
DID YOU HEAR BACK FROM
THE PHOTOGRAPHER?
AND?
I KNEW IT!!
SO NOW WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO?
YOU ARE GOING TO DO NOTHING.
I HAVE AN APPOINTMENT WITH MR
SWEET IN HALF AN HOUR'S TIME
AND I INTEND TO CONFRONT
HIM WITH THE EVIDENCE.
FINALLY! I'M GOING TO GET
TO KNOW THE TRUTH.
THANK-YOU SO MUCH.
WHAT DO YOU THINK,
STRAWBERRY PASSION, OR
BASHFUL CINNAMON?
YEAH, EITHER LOOKS CUTE.
OKAY, SO, MIDDAY IS
TWELVE O'CLOCK.
UNLESS IT'S A CRYPTIC
REFERENCE, BUT LET'S GO
WITH THAT FOR NOW.
"WHEN DAYTIME ENDS".
APOCALYPSE?
NO, THAT'S THE END OF THE
WORLD. NOT THE END OF DAY.
THINK. WHERE DOES THE SUN GO
DOWN AT MIDDAY? EVER?
SCANDINAVIA?
NO. THEY HAVE MIDDAY DAWNS,
BUT NOT MIDDAY SUNSETS.
I KNOW! IN CARTOONS?
WHAT ABOUT THIS? PARTIAL
ECLIPSE - MIDDAY SUNSET.
YOU'VE GOT IT!
GOT WHAT?
LOOKS, BRAINS, CHARM . YOU
KNOW,
ALL THOSE THINGS YOU
DON'T HAVE JEROME.
YOUR GIRLFRIEND WAS MISSING
YOU, RUTTER.
(Silly voice) HELLOOOO
HA HA HA.
"KISS ME"! "KISS ME
DARLING!"
ER, ALFIE?
OH.
WELL, AS STIMULATING AS
YOUR NON-CONVERSATION
MAY BE TO EACH OTHER,
IT'S A LITTLE BIT DULL FOR
THE LIKES OF US.
SO WE'RE GOING TO GO KICK UP
A STORM SOMEWHERE ELSE.
(Knock knock knock)
COME.
AH, JASON. PLEASE,
TAKE A SEAT.
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME.
YOU SAID IT WAS IMPORTANT.
IT IS.
I SPOKE TO DAPHNE THE
OTHER DAY ABOUT
PATRICIA WILLIAMSON.
OH YES.
SHE MANAGED TO ALMOST CONVINCE
ME THAT PATRICIA WAS,
SHALL WE SAY,
"OVER-IMAGINATIVE"
TO BE POLITE?
THE THING IS, SHE ALMOST
CONVINCED ME. BUT, NOT QUITE.
NOW, WITH ALL DUE RESPECT,
ERIC , WHAT'S GOING ON?
IT'S BETTER YOU DON'T KNOW.
OH DEAR. YOU NEED TO
SPEAK TO VICTOR.
VICTOR?
THIS IS RIDICULOUS. THERE
WERE 242 SOLAR ECLIPSES
BETWEEN 1801 AND 1900,
BUT WHO KNOWS HOW MANY
BETWEEN 1901 AND 1923.
WHY NOT ASK SARAH?
YOU'VE SEEN FOR YOURSELF,
AMBER, SHE'S NOT EXACTLY
PLAYING WITH A FULL DECK.
DUH. NOT SARAH.
(Little girl voice)
SARAH.
YOU NEVER KNOW. SHE MIGHT
MENTION SOMETHING?
NOT JUST BEAUTY AND
SOPHISTICATION.
I'VE GOT SMARTS TOO.
TONS OF THEM.
WHAT ARE THOSE SQUIGGLES?
IT'S LIKE A HEART MACHINE.
THIS IS THE SOUND TRANSLATED
AS A PICTURE.
SO THIS BIT IS
REALLY LOUD.
THESE BITS ARE ALL REALLY
QUIET
AND THIS MUSIC SOFTWARE IS
CLEARING ALL THE INTERFERENCE.
OKAY. SO WHERE DO WE START?
THE BEGINNING.
(recording of Sarah)
"SOMETIMES HE SAYS THINGS IN
THE HOPE THAT I'LL REACT,
"BUT I DON'T.
"INSTEAD, I THINK OF MOTHER AND
FATHER AND I SIT IN COMPLETE."
(beep)
(recording of Alfie)
"I TOOKETH MYSELF UP
TO THE ATTIC
"AND VERILY THERE WAS
ONE MASSIVE SURPRISE."
WHAT'S THAT?
"THE LADY OF THE HOUSE LOCKED
AWAY, WAS A TOTAL NUT JOB'ETH.
HA HA HA."
ALFIE AND JEROME!
WELL THIS EXPLAINS THEIR
HASTY EXIT EARLIER.
OKAY, IF THEY'VE HEARD THIS,
THEY MIGHT KNOW SOMETHING.
THEN AGAIN, THIS IS ALFIE AND
JEROME WE'RE TALKING ABOUT.
(to himself)
CAREFUL, CAREFUL.
OH DEAR.
HEY! THESE ARE THE COSTUMES
FOR PROSPECTIVE PARENTS DAY!
HA HA HA! SUCK IT UP ALFIE.
WHAT IS THIS?
YOU'RE JUST JEALOUS, BECAUSE
JASON ASKED ME TO PERFORM,
INSTEAD OF YOU.
OH YEAH, A BUNCH OF
BORING PARENTS WITH NO
TASTE WHATSOEVER
IS REALLY MY IDEA OF A
GREAT AUDIENCE.
THAT IS FOR GOING
THROUGH MY STUFF.
AND THAT IS FOR RECORDING
OVER MY FILES!
OW! WHAT WAS THAT FOR?
JUST FOR FUN.
SO, HOW MUCH DID YOU HEAR?
OR UNDERSTAND?
WELL, IF YOU MUST KNOW, WE
ONLY HEARD THAT ONE BIT.
AND YOU, BY THE WAY, HAVE
SOME REALLY WEIRD TASTE IN
RECORDED BOOKS, MILLINGTON.
HI BOO! I'M...
I'M SO SORRY,
SOMETHING CAME UP
WE'RE DONE, AMBER. AND I HATE
IT WHEN YOU CALL ME BOO.
DID HE JUST DUMP ME?
YOU BET HE DID.
NINA, WHAT DO I DO?
GO AFTER HIM! I THINK...NOT
MY GREATEST AREA.
WHAT'S THE POINT?
HE ALREADY MADE HIS FEELINGS
PRETTY CLEAR.
IN FRONT OF EVERYONE.
HOW DID IT GO WITH MR SWEET?
WHAT DID HE SAY?
DID YOU GET ANY ANSWERS?
MR WINKLER.
I'VE BEEN EXPECTING YOU.
NO, BUT I'M GOING TO
GET SOME NOW.
(recording of Sarah) "MOTHER
AND FATHER HAVE GIVEN THE
HOUSE A NAME. ANUBIS.
"I THINK IT'S EGYPTIAN.
"THEY'RE GOING AWAY AGAIN
SOON.
"TO EGYPT I THINK. FATHER
SAYS HE HAS TO"
IT'S JUST. I LOVE HIM,
NINA. I REALLY LOVE HIM.
AND I'VE MESSED IT ALL UP,
AND NOW I'M MESSING
UP THE RECORDING.
IT'S OKAY. IT DOESN'T
MATTER ABOUT ALL THAT.
IT'LL BE FINE. IT'S OKAY.
THAT'S PRETTY. WHAT IS IT?
A SUNSET.
"WHEN DAYTIME ENDS".
A SUNSET. "AT MIDDAY".
THAT'S WHEN IT HAPPENS.
YES! YOU ARE BRILLIANT!
WELL?
MR WINKLER?
JASON? WHAT DID HE SAY?
QUITE THE LITTLE
TROUBLEMAKER AREN'T
YOU PATRICIA?
AND WHEN HE CAME OUT OF HIS
OFFICE HE'D GONE ALL STRANGE.
MORNING EVERYONE.
WELL...? WHAT DID VICTOR
SAY?
THERE'S NO BIG MYSTERY
I'M AFRAID, PATRICIA.
JOY'S GONE HOME,
LIKE THEY SAID.
OKAY, AS I'M SURE YOU'RE ALL
AWARE, IT'S PROSPECTIVE
PARENTS DAY.
IS EVERYONE CLEAR ON THEIR
INDIVIDUAL TASKS?
(Alfie is beatboxing)
THIS IS YOUR BIG CHANCE TO
WIN AMBER'S HEART, DUDE.
SHE'S BEEN DUMPED, SHE'S
VULNERABLE.
SHE NEEDS A SENSITIVE GUY
LIKE YOU WITH A BIG SHINY
SHOULDER TO CRY ON.
I DON'T KNOW, MAN. JASON SAID
I CAN'T GET THE COSTUME WET.
IF YOU WANT TO WIN THE
GIRL'S HEART, YOU HAVE TO
FOLLOW MY FOUR STEP PLAN.
STEP 1: ATTENTION.
MAKE SURE SHE NOTICES YOU.
STEP 2: INTENTION.
SHOW HER YOU'RE INTERESTED
BECAUSE WOMEN WANT TO BE
SWEPT OF THEIR FEET.
BE NOTICED AND SWEEP
HER OFF HER FEET.
STEP 3: LONGING.
I'VE ALREADY GOT THAT
ONE COVERED.
NO! SHE HAS TO LONG FOR YOU.
YOU HAVE TO BE HER HERO.
HERO?
LOOK. TRY TO BE MORE OF AN
IRON MAN THAN A TIN MAN.
PATRICIA.
MRS ANDREWS.
NO, NO, YOU'LL HAVE TO USE
THE OTHER ONE.
THAT DOOR'S BEEN STUCK FOR AS
LONG AS ANYONE CAN REMEMBER.
VICTOR TRIED TO GET IT OPEN,
BUT IT JUST WON'T BUDGE.
THAT'S ODD.
IT IS, I KNOW. MUST BE
A DESIGN FAULT.
SHAME REALLY, WITH MICK'S
APPETITE, I COULD DO WITH
AN EXTRA OVEN!
WHAT WAS THE HOUSE LIKE BACK
THEN TRUDY?
I SUSPECT THIS HOUSE WAS
VERY MUCH THE SAME AS IT
IS NOW.
DO YOU KNOW, I THINK WE'VE
GOT SOME PHOTOS SOMEWHERE.
I KNOW THAT THE HALLWAY WAS
MUCH GRANDER THAN IT IS NOW.
NOW THEN. AH HERE WE ARE.
I THINK WE'VE STILL GOT THAT
CHANDELIER SOMEWHERE.
(Whispers) TEARS OF GLASS.
YOU KNOW THAT GHOST I KEPT
SEEING? HE EXISTS.
HE'S A PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR.
YOU NEED TO STOP THIS NOW.
COME TO CLASS.
DR ZELDMAN? IT'S PATRICIA
WILLIAMSON. WE NEED TO TALK.
AMBER, CAN YOU PLEASE HELP
MICK MAN THE HISTORY STALL.
PATRICIA SEEMS TO HAVE
DISAPPEARED.
ERM. I DON'T THINK THAT'S A
VERY GOOD IDEA SIR. WE ERM.
HE DUMPED ME SIR. FROM A
VERY GREAT HEIGHT.
OH. RIGHT. SORRY TO
HEAR ABOUT THAT.
SO, DOWN HERE WE HAVE THE
DRAMA DEPARTMENT.
HELLO MISS ROBINSON.
DOING A GOOD JOB THERE,
BOYS.
MEN, MISS ROBINSON, MEN.
YOU KEEP TELLING
YOURSELF THAT, JEROME.
MAN, WHY DO NONE OF THE
CHICKS ROUND HERE TAKE US
SERIOUSLY, DUDE?
I REFER YOU TO STEP 4 OF MY
PLAN ALFIE. HEROICS.
WHAT DO YOU NEED TO BECOME A
HERO ALFIE?
A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS.
(whispers inaudible)
HEY.
HI.
I CAN HELP YOU ON THIS STALL
IF YOU LIKE.
MARA. WE'RE STILL NOT. YOU
KNOW. I STILL HAVEN'T.
FORGIVEN ME?
MICK.
IF YOU'RE GOING TO TALK,
I DON'T WANT YOUR HELP.
NO. RIGHT. SORRY.
OK....LIPS SEALED.
WE HAVE TO BE VERY CAREFUL
WHO WE TRUST.
I'M WITH YOU ON THAT. THE
NEW TEACHER, HE WAS ON MY
SIDE.
THEN HE GOT CLOSE TO THE
TRUTH AND HE'S CHANGED.
HE'S... HE'S ONE OF
THEM NOW.
PATRICIA, HE HAS BEEN
CONVERTED.
I'M VERY WORRIED ABOUT WHAT
THAT MIGHT MEAN FOR JOY'S
SAFETY.
DO YOU HAVE THOSE PHOTOGRAPHS
I ASKED YOU FOR?
NO. I'VE GOT SOME ON MY
COMPUTER. I'LL SEND
THEM TO YOU.
LISTEN, IF I'M TO TRUST
YOU, IT'S IMPORTANT
YOU'RE HONEST WITH ME.
ABOUT EVERYTHING.
MY REAL NAME IS RUFUS ZENO,
BUT YOU MUSN'T TELL ANYONE
YOU UNDERSTAND?
IT COULD PUT JOY'S LIFE IN
SERIOUS DANGER.
GOOD. NOW I WANT YOU TO HAVE
A LOOK AT THESE PHOTOGRAPHS.
HAVE YOU COME ACROSS
ANYTHING THAT LOOKS
LIKE THESE?
THIS LOOKS KIND OF FAMILIAR.
WHAT DOES IT HAVE TO
DO WITH JOY?
THAT IS THE EYE
OF HORUS.
AND IT MAY GIVE US SOME
CLUES AS TO SOLVING JOY'S
DISAPPEARANCE.
WHY HAVE YOU TWO SUDDENLY
BECOME INTERESTED IN HOME
RESTORATION?
IT'S ABOUT HERITAGE, TRUDY.
THIS IS PART OF THE HOUSE'S
HISTORY AND WE RESPECT THAT.
THIS IS ALL SO NEW TO ME.
WE DON'T GROW HOUSES LIKE
THIS IN AMERICA.
CAN YOU SMELL SOMETHING...?
OH NO THE CAKES!
OKAY, I SAY ONE OF US STAYS
HERE, AND THE OTHER ONE GOES
UP TO THE ATTIC.
WE DON'T KNOW FOR SURE IF
THIS IS THE RIGHT "TEARS OF
GLASS."
NOT LONG NOW.
SO OVER HERE WE HAVE THE
HISTORY CLASSROOM WHERE WE
HAVE OUR HISTORY LESSONS.
THIS IS THE HISTORY STALL.
AND DOWN HERE WE HAVE ARTS
AND CRAFTS.
HERE THERE'S A WHOLE FILE.
HEY.
LOOK, I DIDN'T MEAN TO BE
SUCH A PIG.
DUMPING YOU LIKE THAT.
THANK YOU. WAIT, WHAT
ARE YOU SAYING?
I'M SAYING SORRY.
AND ALSO, YOU LOOK KIND
OF...HOT.
ARE YOU ON FIRE?
WELL, I WOULDN'T GO
THAT FAR...
NO, I MEAN...
AHHH!
(Fire alarm goes off)
IT'S COOL. IT'S COOL. I'VE
GOT YOU, YOU'RE SAFE.
YOU KNOCKED ME
OVER YOU IDIOT!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING? MORE
TO THE POINT, WHAT ARE YOU
WEARING?!
IT'S OKAY, MISS, I'VE
GOT IT FROM HERE.
YOU GO AND GET YOURSELF
CHECKED OUT.
SMOKE INHALATION,
THE SILENT KILLER.
RIGHT GUYS YOU NEED
TO STAY CALM.
STAY CALM, NOTHING TO SEE
HERE, EVERYTHING IS UNDER
CONTROL. LET'S GO.
♪ mystical building music ♪
THING IS, I'VE TAKEN IT
TO THE NEXT LEVEL.
ESTHER, SHE SAW HOW MATURELY
I HANDLED THAT SITUATION.
I PROMISE YOU, TEN
SECONDS AND IT WILL BE
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
HA HA HA.
(Clap clap clap)
EVERYONE BACK INSIDE PLEASE.
APOLOGIES, VISITORS.
JUST A BIT OF SPIRITED FUN.
WE PRIDE OURSELVES ON HAVING A
SENSE OF HUMOUR IN THIS SCHOOL.
HA HA HA.
CLARKE. LEWIS.
MY OFFICE. NOW.
WHAT WERE YOU SAYING?
BEFORE.
OH. JUST. I LOVE YOU, AMBS.
BUT. WE DON'T MATCH.
WE'RE MATES. NOT DATES.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT I'M SAYING?
YEAH. I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
SAYING.
THANKS A BUNCH FOR RUINING
EVERYTHING... AGAIN!
(Jerome laughs)
(Clock chimes
twelve o'clock)
(Magical noise)
WHAT DID IT LOOK LIKE WHEN
THE SUN SHONE THROUGH THE
WINDOW?
AMAZING! INCREDIBLE!
SO...WOW.
(whiring noise of phonograph)
DO YOU THINK THERE'S
SOMETHING HIDDEN INSIDE IT,
LIKE THE ONE BEFORE?
(recording of Sarah)
"HE FRIGHTENS ME.
"HE SPENDS A LOT OF TIME IN
HIS CELLAR WITH DEAD ANIMALS.
"DEAD ANIMALS THAT HE STUFFS.
"BUT WHAT FRIGHTENS ME THE
MOST, IS HIS RAVEN, CORBIERE."
WHAT DID SHE JUST SAY?
(recording of Sarah)
"I'M MORE CONVINCED THAN EVER
THAT HE'S RESPONSIBLE FOR
THE DEATHS OF MY PARENTS.
"BUT I CAN'T PROVE ANYTHING.
"HE'S COMING."
(voice like Victor's)
"YOU HAVE FIVE MINUTES
"AND THEN I WANT TO BE ABLE
TO HEAR A PIN DROP."
VICTOR?